♪ [RADIO PLAYS IN
THE BACKGROUND]
"...BEFORE ♪
♪ SUN IS COLD AND RAIN IS HARD ♪
♪ I KNOW BEEN THAT
WAY FOR ALL MY TIME" ♪
♪ ♪
♪ SOMEONE TOLD ME LONG AGO ♪
♪ THERE'S A CALM
BEFORE THE STORM ♪
♪ I KNOW IT'S BEEN
COMIN' FOR SOME TIME ♪
♪ WHEN IT'S OVER SO THEY SAY ♪
♪ IT'LL RAIN A SUNNY DAY ♪
♪ I KNOW SHININ'
DOWN LIKE WATER ♪
♪ I WANT TO KNOW ♪
♪ HAVE YOU EVER
SEEN THE RAIN? ♪
♪ I WANT TO KNOW ♪
♪ HAVE YOU EVER
SEEN THE RAIN ♪
♪ COMIN' DOWN
ON A SUNNY DAY? ♪
♪ YESTERDAY AND DAYS BEFORE ♪
♪ SUN IS COLD AND RAIN IS HARD ♪
♪ I KNOW BEEN THAT
WAY FOR ALL MY TIME ♪
♪ 'TIL FOREVER, ON IT GOES ♪
♪ THROUGH THE CIRCLE,
FAST AND SLOW, ♪
♪ I KNOW IT CAN'T STOP,
I WONDER ♪
♪ I WANT TO KNOW ♪
♪ HAVE YOU EVER
SEEN THE RAIN? ♪
♪ I WANT TO KNOW ♪
♪ HAVE YOU EVER
SEEN THE RAIN ♪
♪ COMIN' DOWN
ON A SUNNY DAY? ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ I WANT TO KNOW ♪
♪ HAVE YOU EVER
SEEN THE RAIN? ♪
♪ I WANT TO KNOW ♪
♪ HAVE YOU EVER
SEEN THE RAIN ♪
♪ COMIN' DOWN
ON A SUNNY DAY? ♪
♪ ♪
[DJ ON RADIO]
THAT WAS CCR
"HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THE RAIN"
SOMETHING MAGICAL
ABOUT THAT ONE...
FOR THAT REASON, IT'S ONE
OF MY FAVORITE TRACKS SO...
GLAD YOU'RE
HERE TO LISTEN